gh-102931: Use explicit exception when shutil._copytree should group exceptions (#128309)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-12-28-16-25-42.gh-issue-102931.55o5kb.rst

> Make exception from copy_directory readable when SameFileError is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make exception from :func:`shutil.copytree` readable when a :exc:`shutil.SameFileError` is raised.
```

Author: fixed.
